# Financial Abuse in Intimate Partnerships: Informing Better Threat Models and Institutional Response through Language Modeling
This corpus contains Consumer Financial Protection Bureau complaints that may mention instances of intimate partner financial abuse. The methodology for identifying these complaints and the definition of intimate partner financial abuse used in this methodology, can be found here. This paper was prepared for informational purposes by the Artificial Intelligence Research group of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates (JP Morgan), and is not a product of the Research Department of JP Morgan. JP Morgan makes no representation and warranty whatsoever and disclaims all liability, for the completeness, accuracy or reliability of the information contained herein. This document is not intended as investment research or investment advice, or a recommendation, offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security, financial instrument, financial product or service, or to be used in any way for evaluating the merits of participating in any transaction, and shall not constitute a solicitation under any jurisdiction or to any person, if such solicitation under such jurisdiction or to such person would be unlawful. This paper is intended to raise awareness about modelling techniques. This paper is not intended to provide policy recommendations regarding any substantive issue or to convey JP Morgan's position on, or policies regarding, consumer complaint tracking or review.
